Add AI-assisted contributions section (closes #723) (#733)
color-js/color.js: CONTRIBUTING.md

- If working on a color space, please prefix your commit with `[spaces/SPACE_ID]`
- If working on a module other than color.js, please prefix your commit with `[modulename]` e.g. `[interpolation]`

## AI-assisted contributions

> We welcome contributions that use AI assistants (Claude, Copilot, Cursor, etc.) provided you treat them as **drafting tools, not authors**: review and test what they produce as if you wrote it yourself, and be transparent about it.

Reviewer: Do we really need to enumerate AI assistants?

If AI was involved in producing a contribution:

> - **Verify and test the code yourself.** You're responsible for what you submit. Pay particular attention to areas the test suite doesn't exercise — AI tools can produce code that *looks* correct but quietly violates an unstated constraint.

Reviewer: Not sure that's actionable as stated. I'd also rather avoid making statements about what AI does, as they get out of date quickly. Perhaps:

```suggestion
- **Verify and test the code yourself.** You're responsible for what you submit. Pay particular attention to areas that cannot be validated via unit testing, such as architectural coherence.
```
